Editorial review: Document WebGPU compatibility mode (#43944)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/gpu/requestadapter/index.md

### Parameters

- `options` {{optional_inline}}
  - : An object that can contain the following properties:
    - `featureLevel` {{optional_inline}}
      - : An enumerated value that specifies the set of features the returned adapter will support. Available values are:
        - `core`
          - : The default value. Specifies that the `GPUAdapter` will support all core WebGPU features and limits, which allows applications to support devices with modern platform graphics APIs. This is referred to as "core" WebGPU. Adapters that support core WebGPU will have the `core-features-and-limits` feature available (see {{domxref("GPUSupportedFeatures")}}).
        - `compatibility`

>           - : Specifies that the `GPUAdapter` will support a restricted subset of the WebGPU API capable of running in older graphics APIs such as OpenGL ES 3.1 and Direct3D 11. This setting opts WebGPU into [compatibility mode](/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebGPU_API#webgpu_compatibility_mode).

Reviewer: FYI If it were me I would do one of these - probably the second. The tense is more words to no value.

```suggestion
          - : Specifies that the `GPUAdapter` supports a restricted subset of the WebGPU API capable of running in older graphics APIs such as OpenGL ES 3.1 and Direct3D 11. This setting opts WebGPU into [compatibility mode](/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebGPU_API#webgpu_compatibility_mode).
```

OR 

```suggestion
          - : The `GPUAdapter` supports a restricted subset of the WebGPU API capable of running in older graphics APIs such as OpenGL ES 3.1 and Direct3D 11. This setting opts WebGPU into [compatibility mode](/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebGPU_API#webgpu_compatibility_mode).
```

Reviewer: Note, either way, check consistency of tense. Some of the later ones do it more the way I indicate.

        - `core`
          - : The default value. Specifies that the `GPUAdapter` will support all core WebGPU features and limits, which allows applications to support devices with modern platform graphics APIs. This is referred to as "core" WebGPU. Adapters that support core WebGPU will have the `core-features-and-limits` feature available (see {{domxref("GPUSupportedFeatures")}}).
        - `compatibility`

>           - : Specifies that the `GPUAdapter` will support a restricted subset of the WebGPU API capable of running in older graphics APIs such as OpenGL ES 3.1 and Direct3D 11. This setting opts WebGPU into [compatibility mode](/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebGPU_API#webgpu_compatibility_mode).

Reviewer: FYI, this wa suggested by claude as the official name.

Author: Ah, so you already fixed this one. Cool.

I found another instance on the WebGPU landing page, and fixed that too.
